Be Social License
Version 1, 2 January 2024

Copyright (c) 2024 Lukas Tietenberg <https://sourcefranke.github.io/be_social_license>
Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this license document,
but changing it is not allowed.


TERMS AND CONDITIONS

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this
content or software and associated documentation files (the "Product"), to deal in the
Product without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy,
modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Product, and
to permit persons to whom the Product is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions.

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies
or substantial portions of the Product.

Contributions to the Greater Good:

Any entity that wishes to utilize the Product in any form, whether by using, modifying,
or distributing it, must contribute to the betterment of humanity, nature, or the
developer community in some way. This can be achieved by:

1. Engaging in acts that benefit humanity or nature, such as blood donation (that
includes also donating only components of blood - like thrombocytes or plasma),
charitable donations, or other volunteering efforts of any kind.

2. Contributing to the developer community by sharing knowledge, participating in
conferences, meetups, or other community-driven events.

3. Alternatively, buying the licensor a cup of coffee is also deemed an acceptable
contribution.

The contribution made should not necessarily be directly related to the Product or its
development, but should aim to create a positive impact in the world or support the
developer community.

THE PRODUCT IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE PRODUCT OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE PRODUCT.
